Create security-and-privacy.md (#57)
w3c/imsc-hrm: misc/security-and-privacy.md

# [Self-Review Questionnaire: Security and Privacy](https://w3ctag.github.io/security-questionnaire/)

> This questionnaire has [moved](https://w3ctag.github.io/security-questionnaire/).

Reviewer: What does "move" mean? From where to where?

Author: Oh I don't know, that's in the template I copied!

Author: Removed in e971621.

# Security and Privacy Self-review for IMSC-HRM

This is an edited version of the security and privacy questionnaire template at

> https://raw.githubusercontent.com/w3ctag/security-questionnaire/main/questionnaire.markdown as linked from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://w3ctag.github.io/security-questionnaire/ as linked from
```

Author: I think the better link to use is https://github.com/w3ctag/security-questionnaire/blob/main/questionnaire.markdown if anything, but I'm not sure what's wrong with the original one?

[Self-Review Questionnaire: Security and Privacy](https://www.w3.org/TR/security-privacy-questionnaire/)

> 01.  What information might this feature expose to Web sites or other parties,
>      and for what purposes is that exposure necessary?

None. The IMSC-HRM is a static-analysis algorithm of IMSC documents.

> Executing the algorithm requires no requests to any origins.

Reviewer: Is it worth explicitly noting that "This specification does not define any protocol or interface for obtaining such a resource, and it does not define any interface for exposing the results of the analysis." as mentioned at https://github.com/w3c/imsc-hrm/issues/19#issue-1073404996

Author: Yes will do.

Author: Done in e971621.
